<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

<head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/base.css" />
	<title>epub test suite</title>
	<meta charset="utf-8" />
</head>

<body>
	<p><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page4"><b>4</b></span></p>
	<h1 id="MOA-1"><b>Mo</b>re <b>Navig</b>ation <b>Tes</b>ts</h1>
	<section id="section-navigation-part-2">
		<h2 id="MOA-2"><b>Sect</b>ion <b>Navig</b>ation, <b>Pa</b>rt <b>2</b></h2>
		<p id="MOA-3"><b>Aft</b>er <b>selec</b>ting "<b>Sect</b>ion <b>Navig</b>ation, <b>Pa</b>rt <b>2</b>" <b>fr</b>om <b>t</b>he <b>tab</b>le <b>o</b>f <b>cont</b>ents, <b>y</b>ou <b>sho</b>uld <b>e</b>nd <b>u</b>p <b>a</b>t <b>t</b>he <b>corresp</b>onding <b>te</b>xt <b>abo</b>ve. <b>Med</b>ia <b>Over</b>lays <b>play</b>back <b>sho</b>uld <b>cont</b>inue <b>automat</b>ically. <b>No</b>te <b>th</b>at <b>th</b>is <b>te</b>st <b>fai</b>ls <b>i</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>Read</b>ing <b>Sys</b>tem
			<b>sta</b>rts <b>read</b>ing <b>a</b>t "<b>Mo</b>re <b>Navig</b>ation <b>Tes</b>ts" <b>inst</b>ead <b>o</b>f "<b>Sect</b>ion <b>Navig</b>ation, <b>Pa</b>rt <b>2</b>".</p>
	</section>
	<section id="MOA-NAV-100" class="test">
		<h2 id="tobi_h_52"><span class="nature" id="tobi_h_53">[<b>FUNDAM</b>ENTAL]</span> <span class="test-id" id="tobi_h_54"><b>M</b>OA-<b>N</b>AV-<b>1</b>00</span> <span id="MOA-4" class="test=title"><b>Conti</b>nuous <b>play</b>back <b>acr</b>oss <b>pa</b>ge <b>tur</b>ns</span></h2>
		<p class="desc" id="MOA-1-86"><b>Tes</b>ts <b>whet</b>her <b>Med</b>ia <b>Over</b>lay <b>play</b>back <b>acr</b>oss <b>pa</b>ge <b>tur</b>ns <b>i</b>s <b>suppo</b>rted.</p>
		<p id="MOA-5"><b>Sta</b>rt <b>Med</b>ia <b>Over</b>lay <b>play</b>back <b>a</b>nd <b>d</b>o <b>n</b>ot <b>inter</b>rupt <b>i</b>t <b>unl</b>ess <b>i</b>t <b>sto</b>ps <b>b</b>y <b>its</b>elf. </p>
		<p id="MOA-6"><b>He</b>re <b>i</b>s <b>so</b>me <b>sam</b>ple <b>te</b>xt <b>t</b>o <b>ens</b>ure <b>th</b>at <b>the</b>re <b>a</b>re <b>seve</b>ral <b>pag</b>es <b>i</b>n <b>th</b>is <b>chap</b>ter (<b>exce</b>rpt <b>fr</b>om <b>Mo</b>by <b>Di</b>ck). <b>The</b>re <b>sho</b>uld <b>b</b>e <b>abo</b>ut <b>thr</b>ee <b>pag</b>es <b>aft</b>er <b>th</b>is <b>o</b>ne, <b>depen</b>ding <b>o</b>n <b>yo</b>ur <b>scr</b>een <b>resol</b>ution. </p>
		<p class="eval" id="MOA-2-68"><b>I</b>f <b>play</b>back <b>sto</b>ps <b>on</b>ly <b>aft</b>er <b>t</b>he <b>wor</b>ds "<b>E</b>nd <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>bo</b>ok", <b>t</b>he <b>te</b>st <b>pas</b>ses. <b>I</b>f <b>magni</b>fier <b>i</b>s <b>bei</b>ng <b>us</b>ed <b>th</b>en <b>i</b>t <b>sha</b>ll <b>al</b>so <b>b</b>e <b>veri</b>fied <b>th</b>at <b>te</b>xt <b>highli</b>ghting <b>foll</b>ows <b>t</b>he <b>pa</b>ge <b>tur</b>ns.</p>
		<section id="mobyexcerpt">
			<p> <span id="c01w00001"><b>Ca</b>ll</span> <span id="c01w00002"><b>m</b>e</span> <span id="c01w00003"><b>Ishm</b>ael.</span> <span id="c01s0002"><b>So</b>me <b>yea</b>rs <b>a</b>go—<b>nev</b>er <b>mi</b>nd <b>h</b>ow <b>lo</b>ng <b>preci</b>sely—<b>hav</b>ing <b>lit</b>tle <b>o</b>r <b>n</b>o <b>mon</b>ey <b>i</b>n <b>m</b>y <b>pur</b>se, <b>a</b>nd <b>noth</b>ing <b>parti</b>cular <b>t</b>o <b>inte</b>rest
					<b>m</b>e <b>o</b>n <b>sho</b>re, <b>I</b> <b>thou</b>ght <b>I</b> <b>wou</b>ld <b>sa</b>il <b>abo</b>ut <b>a</b> <b>lit</b>tle <b>a</b>nd <b>s</b>ee <b>t</b>he <b>wat</b>ery <b>pa</b>rt <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>wor</b>ld.</span> <span id="c01s0003"><b>I</b>t <b>i</b>s <b>a</b> <b>w</b>ay <b>I</b> <b>ha</b>ve <b>o</b>f <b>driv</b>ing <b>o</b>ff <b>t</b>he <b>spl</b>een <b>a</b>nd <b>regul</b>ating <b>t</b>he <b>circul</b>ation.</span> <span id="c01s0004"><b>When</b>ever <b>I</b> <b>fi</b>nd
					<b>mys</b>elf <b>grow</b>ing <b>gr</b>im <b>abo</b>ut <b>t</b>he <b>mou</b>th; <b>when</b>ever <b>i</b>t <b>i</b>s <b>a</b> <b>da</b>mp, <b>driz</b>zly <b>Nove</b>mber <b>i</b>n <b>m</b>y <b>so</b>ul; <b>when</b>ever <b>I</b> <b>fi</b>nd <b>mys</b>elf <b>involun</b>tarily <b>paus</b>ing <b>bef</b>ore <b>cof</b>fin <b>wareh</b>ouses, <b>a</b>nd <b>brin</b>ging <b>u</b>p <b>t</b>he <b>re</b>ar <b>o</b>f <b>eve</b>ry <b>fune</b>ral <b>I</b> <b>me</b>et; <b>a</b>nd <b>espec</b>ially <b>when</b>ever <b>m</b>y
					<b>hyp</b>os <b>g</b>et <b>su</b>ch <b>a</b>n <b>upp</b>er <b>ha</b>nd <b>o</b>f <b>m</b>e, <b>th</b>at <b>i</b>t <b>requ</b>ires <b>a</b> <b>str</b>ong <b>mor</b>al <b>princ</b>iple <b>t</b>o <b>prev</b>ent <b>m</b>e <b>fr</b>om <b>delibe</b>rately <b>step</b>ping <b>in</b>to <b>t</b>he <b>str</b>eet, <b>a</b>nd <b>method</b>ically <b>knoc</b>king <b>peo</b>ple’<b>s</b> <b>ha</b>ts <b>o</b>ff—<b>th</b>en, <b>I</b> <b>acco</b>unt <b>i</b>t <b>hi</b>gh <b>ti</b>me <b>t</b>o <b>g</b>et <b>t</b>o <b>s</b>ea <b>a</b>s <b>so</b>on <b>a</b>s <b>I</b>
					<b>c</b>an.</span> <span id="c01s0005"><b>Th</b>is <b>i</b>s <b>m</b>y <b>subst</b>itute <b>f</b>or <b>pis</b>tol <b>a</b>nd <b>ba</b>ll.</span> <span id="c01s0006"><b>Wi</b>th <b>a</b> <b>philoso</b>phical <b>flou</b>rish <b>Ca</b>to <b>thr</b>ows <b>hims</b>elf <b>up</b>on <b>h</b>is <b>swo</b>rd; <b>I</b> <b>quie</b>tly <b>ta</b>ke <b>t</b>o <b>t</b>he <b>sh</b>ip.</span> <span id="c01s0007"><b>The</b>re <b>i</b>s <b>noth</b>ing
					<b>surpr</b>ising <b>i</b>n <b>th</b>is.</span> <span id="c01s0008"><b>I</b>f <b>th</b>ey <b>b</b>ut <b>kn</b>ew <b>i</b>t, <b>alm</b>ost <b>a</b>ll <b>m</b>en <b>i</b>n <b>the</b>ir <b>deg</b>ree, <b>so</b>me <b>ti</b>me <b>o</b>r <b>oth</b>er, <b>cher</b>ish <b>ve</b>ry <b>nea</b>rly <b>t</b>he <b>sa</b>me <b>feel</b>ings <b>towa</b>rds <b>t</b>he <b>oce</b>an <b>wi</b>th <b>m</b>e.</span> </p>
			<p id="c01p0002"><b>The</b>re <b>n</b>ow <b>i</b>s <b>yo</b>ur <b>insu</b>lar <b>ci</b>ty <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>Manha</b>ttoes, <b>bel</b>ted <b>rou</b>nd <b>b</b>y <b>whar</b>ves <b>a</b>s <b>Ind</b>ian <b>isl</b>es <b>b</b>y <b>cor</b>al <b>ree</b>fs—<b>comm</b>erce <b>surro</b>unds <b>i</b>t <b>wi</b>th <b>h</b>er <b>su</b>rf. <b>Rig</b>ht <b>a</b>nd <b>le</b>ft, <b>t</b>he <b>stre</b>ets <b>ta</b>ke <b>y</b>ou <b>water</b>ward. <b>I</b>ts <b>extr</b>eme <b>down</b>town <b>i</b>s <b>t</b>he <b>batt</b>ery,
				<b>whe</b>re <b>th</b>at <b>nob</b>le <b>mo</b>le <b>i</b>s <b>was</b>hed <b>b</b>y <b>wav</b>es, <b>a</b>nd <b>coo</b>led <b>b</b>y <b>bree</b>zes, <b>whi</b>ch <b>a</b> <b>f</b>ew <b>hou</b>rs <b>prev</b>ious <b>we</b>re <b>o</b>ut <b>o</b>f <b>sig</b>ht <b>o</b>f <b>la</b>nd. <b>Lo</b>ok <b>a</b>t <b>t</b>he <b>cro</b>wds <b>o</b>f <b>wat</b>er-<b>gaz</b>ers <b>the</b>re.</p>
			<p id="c01p0003"><b>Circuma</b>mbulate <b>t</b>he <b>ci</b>ty <b>o</b>f <b>a</b> <b>dre</b>amy <b>Sabb</b>ath <b>after</b>noon. <b>G</b>o <b>fr</b>om <b>Corl</b>ears <b>Ho</b>ok <b>t</b>o <b>Coen</b>ties <b>Sl</b>ip, <b>a</b>nd <b>fr</b>om <b>the</b>nce, <b>b</b>y <b>White</b>hall, <b>north</b>ward. <b>Wh</b>at <b>d</b>o <b>y</b>ou <b>s</b>ee?—<b>Pos</b>ted <b>li</b>ke <b>sil</b>ent <b>senti</b>nels <b>a</b>ll <b>aro</b>und <b>t</b>he <b>to</b>wn, <b>sta</b>nd <b>thous</b>ands <b>up</b>on
				<b>thous</b>ands <b>o</b>f <b>mor</b>tal <b>m</b>en <b>fix</b>ed <b>i</b>n <b>oce</b>an <b>reve</b>ries. <b>So</b>me <b>lean</b>ing <b>agai</b>nst <b>t</b>he <b>spi</b>les; <b>so</b>me <b>sea</b>ted <b>up</b>on <b>t</b>he <b>pi</b>er-<b>hea</b>ds; <b>so</b>me <b>look</b>ing <b>ov</b>er <b>t</b>he <b>bulw</b>arks <b>o</b>f <b>shi</b>ps <b>fr</b>om <b>Chi</b>na; <b>so</b>me <b>hi</b>gh <b>alo</b>ft <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>rigg</b>ing, <b>a</b>s <b>i</b>f <b>stri</b>ving <b>t</b>o <b>g</b>et <b>a</b> <b>sti</b>ll <b>bet</b>ter
				<b>seaw</b>ard <b>pe</b>ep. <b>B</b>ut <b>the</b>se <b>a</b>re <b>a</b>ll <b>land</b>smen; <b>o</b>f <b>we</b>ek <b>da</b>ys <b>pe</b>nt <b>u</b>p <b>i</b>n <b>la</b>th <b>a</b>nd <b>plas</b>ter—<b>ti</b>ed <b>t</b>o <b>coun</b>ters, <b>nai</b>led <b>t</b>o <b>benc</b>hes, <b>clin</b>ched <b>t</b>o <b>des</b>ks. <b>H</b>ow <b>th</b>en <b>i</b>s <b>th</b>is? <b>A</b>re <b>t</b>he <b>gre</b>en <b>fie</b>lds <b>go</b>ne? <b>Wh</b>at <b>d</b>o <b>th</b>ey <b>he</b>re?</p>
			<p><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page5"><b>5</b></span></p>
			<p id="c01p0004"><b>B</b>ut <b>lo</b>ok! <b>he</b>re <b>co</b>me <b>mo</b>re <b>cro</b>wds, <b>pac</b>ing <b>stra</b>ight <b>f</b>or <b>t</b>he <b>wat</b>er, <b>a</b>nd <b>seemi</b>ngly <b>bou</b>nd <b>f</b>or <b>a</b> <b>di</b>ve. <b>Stra</b>nge! <b>Noth</b>ing <b>wi</b>ll <b>cont</b>ent <b>th</b>em <b>b</b>ut <b>t</b>he <b>extre</b>mest <b>lim</b>it <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>la</b>nd; <b>loite</b>ring <b>und</b>er <b>t</b>he <b>sha</b>dy <b>l</b>ee <b>o</b>f <b>yon</b>der <b>wareh</b>ouses <b>wi</b>ll <b>n</b>ot
				<b>suff</b>ice. <b>N</b>o. <b>Th</b>ey <b>mu</b>st <b>g</b>et <b>ju</b>st <b>a</b>s <b>ni</b>gh <b>t</b>he <b>wat</b>er <b>a</b>s <b>th</b>ey <b>poss</b>ibly <b>c</b>an <b>with</b>out <b>fall</b>ing <b>i</b>n. <b>A</b>nd <b>the</b>re <b>th</b>ey <b>sta</b>nd—<b>mil</b>es <b>o</b>f <b>th</b>em—<b>leag</b>ues. <b>Inlan</b>ders <b>a</b>ll, <b>th</b>ey <b>co</b>me <b>fr</b>om <b>lan</b>es <b>a</b>nd <b>all</b>eys, <b>stre</b>ets <b>a</b>nd <b>aven</b>ues—<b>nor</b>th, <b>ea</b>st, <b>sou</b>th, <b>a</b>nd <b>we</b>st. <b>Y</b>et <b>he</b>re
				<b>th</b>ey <b>a</b>ll <b>uni</b>te. <b>Te</b>ll <b>m</b>e, <b>do</b>es <b>t</b>he <b>magn</b>etic <b>vir</b>tue <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>need</b>les <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>compa</b>sses <b>o</b>f <b>a</b>ll <b>tho</b>se <b>shi</b>ps <b>attr</b>act <b>th</b>em <b>thit</b>her?</p>
			<p id="c01p0005"><b>On</b>ce <b>mo</b>re. <b>S</b>ay <b>y</b>ou <b>a</b>re <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>coun</b>try; <b>i</b>n <b>so</b>me <b>hi</b>gh <b>la</b>nd <b>o</b>f <b>lak</b>es. <b>Ta</b>ke <b>alm</b>ost <b>a</b>ny <b>pa</b>th <b>y</b>ou <b>ple</b>ase, <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>en <b>t</b>o <b>o</b>ne <b>i</b>t <b>carr</b>ies <b>y</b>ou <b>do</b>wn <b>i</b>n <b>a</b> <b>da</b>le, <b>a</b>nd <b>lea</b>ves <b>y</b>ou <b>the</b>re <b>b</b>y <b>a</b> <b>po</b>ol <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>str</b>eam. <b>The</b>re <b>i</b>s <b>mag</b>ic <b>i</b>n <b>i</b>t. <b>L</b>et <b>t</b>he <b>mo</b>st
				<b>abs</b>ent-<b>min</b>ded <b>o</b>f <b>m</b>en <b>b</b>e <b>plun</b>ged <b>i</b>n <b>h</b>is <b>deep</b>est <b>reve</b>ries—<b>sta</b>nd <b>th</b>at <b>m</b>an <b>o</b>n <b>h</b>is <b>le</b>gs, <b>s</b>et <b>h</b>is <b>fe</b>et <b>a</b>-<b>goi</b>ng, <b>a</b>nd <b>h</b>e <b>wi</b>ll <b>infal</b>libly <b>le</b>ad <b>y</b>ou <b>t</b>o <b>wat</b>er, <b>i</b>f <b>wat</b>er <b>the</b>re <b>b</b>e <b>i</b>n <b>a</b>ll <b>th</b>at <b>reg</b>ion. <b>Sho</b>uld <b>y</b>ou <b>ev</b>er <b>b</b>e <b>athi</b>rst <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>gre</b>at <b>Amer</b>ican <b>des</b>ert,
				<b>t</b>ry <b>th</b>is <b>exper</b>iment, <b>i</b>f <b>yo</b>ur <b>cara</b>van <b>hap</b>pen <b>t</b>o <b>b</b>e <b>supp</b>lied <b>wi</b>th <b>a</b> <b>metaph</b>ysical <b>profe</b>ssor. <b>Y</b>es, <b>a</b>s <b>eve</b>ry <b>o</b>ne <b>kno</b>ws, <b>medit</b>ation <b>a</b>nd <b>wat</b>er <b>a</b>re <b>wed</b>ded <b>f</b>or <b>ev</b>er.</p>
			<p id="c01p0006"><b>B</b>ut <b>he</b>re <b>i</b>s <b>a</b>n <b>art</b>ist. <b>H</b>e <b>desi</b>res <b>t</b>o <b>pai</b>nt <b>y</b>ou <b>t</b>he <b>dream</b>iest, <b>shad</b>iest, <b>quie</b>test, <b>mo</b>st <b>encha</b>nting <b>b</b>it <b>o</b>f <b>roma</b>ntic <b>lands</b>cape <b>i</b>n <b>a</b>ll <b>t</b>he <b>val</b>ley <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>Sa</b>co. <b>Wh</b>at <b>i</b>s <b>t</b>he <b>chi</b>ef <b>elem</b>ent <b>h</b>e <b>empl</b>oys? <b>The</b>re <b>sta</b>nd <b>h</b>is <b>tre</b>es, <b>ea</b>ch <b>wi</b>th <b>a</b>
				<b>hol</b>low <b>tru</b>nk, <b>a</b>s <b>i</b>f <b>a</b> <b>her</b>mit <b>a</b>nd <b>a</b> <b>cruc</b>ifix <b>we</b>re <b>wit</b>hin; <b>a</b>nd <b>he</b>re <b>sle</b>eps <b>h</b>is <b>mea</b>dow, <b>a</b>nd <b>the</b>re <b>sle</b>ep <b>h</b>is <b>cat</b>tle; <b>a</b>nd <b>u</b>p <b>fr</b>om <b>yon</b>der <b>cott</b>age <b>go</b>es <b>a</b> <b>sle</b>epy <b>smo</b>ke. <b>De</b>ep <b>in</b>to <b>dist</b>ant <b>woodl</b>ands <b>win</b>ds <b>a</b> <b>ma</b>zy <b>w</b>ay, <b>reac</b>hing <b>t</b>o <b>overla</b>pping <b>spu</b>rs <b>o</b>f
				<b>mount</b>ains <b>bat</b>hed <b>i</b>n <b>the</b>ir <b>hi</b>ll-<b>si</b>de <b>bl</b>ue. <b>B</b>ut <b>tho</b>ugh <b>t</b>he <b>pict</b>ure <b>li</b>es <b>th</b>us <b>tran</b>ced, <b>a</b>nd <b>tho</b>ugh <b>th</b>is <b>pi</b>ne-<b>tr</b>ee <b>sha</b>kes <b>do</b>wn <b>i</b>ts <b>sig</b>hs <b>li</b>ke <b>lea</b>ves <b>up</b>on <b>th</b>is <b>shep</b>herd’<b>s</b> <b>he</b>ad, <b>y</b>et <b>a</b>ll <b>we</b>re <b>va</b>in, <b>unl</b>ess <b>t</b>he <b>shep</b>herd’<b>s</b> <b>e</b>ye <b>we</b>re <b>fix</b>ed <b>up</b>on <b>t</b>he <b>mag</b>ic
				<b>str</b>eam <b>bef</b>ore <b>h</b>im. <b>G</b>o <b>vis</b>it <b>t</b>he <b>Prai</b>ries <b>i</b>n <b>Ju</b>ne, <b>wh</b>en <b>f</b>or <b>sco</b>res <b>o</b>n <b>sco</b>res <b>o</b>f <b>mil</b>es <b>y</b>ou <b>wa</b>de <b>kn</b>ee-<b>de</b>ep <b>amo</b>ng <b>Tig</b>er-<b>lil</b>ies—<b>wh</b>at <b>i</b>s <b>t</b>he <b>o</b>ne <b>cha</b>rm <b>want</b>ing?—<b>Wat</b>er—<b>the</b>re <b>i</b>s <b>n</b>ot <b>a</b> <b>dr</b>op <b>o</b>f <b>wat</b>er <b>the</b>re! <b>We</b>re <b>Niag</b>ara <b>b</b>ut <b>a</b> <b>cata</b>ract <b>o</b>f <b>sa</b>nd, <b>wou</b>ld <b>y</b>ou
				<b>tra</b>vel <b>yo</b>ur <b>thou</b>sand <b>mil</b>es <b>t</b>o <b>s</b>ee <b>i</b>t? <b>W</b>hy <b>d</b>id <b>t</b>he <b>po</b>or <b>po</b>et <b>o</b>f <b>Tenne</b>ssee, <b>up</b>on <b>sudd</b>enly <b>recei</b>ving <b>t</b>wo <b>hand</b>fuls <b>o</b>f <b>sil</b>ver, <b>delib</b>erate <b>whet</b>her <b>t</b>o <b>b</b>uy <b>h</b>im <b>a</b> <b>co</b>at, <b>whi</b>ch <b>h</b>e <b>sad</b>ly <b>nee</b>ded, <b>o</b>r <b>inv</b>est <b>h</b>is <b>mon</b>ey <b>i</b>n <b>a</b> <b>pedes</b>trian <b>tr</b>ip <b>t</b>o <b>Rock</b>away <b>Bea</b>ch?
				<b>W</b>hy <b>i</b>s <b>alm</b>ost <b>eve</b>ry <b>rob</b>ust <b>heal</b>thy <b>b</b>oy <b>wi</b>th <b>a</b> <b>rob</b>ust <b>heal</b>thy <b>so</b>ul <b>i</b>n <b>h</b>im, <b>a</b>t <b>so</b>me <b>ti</b>me <b>o</b>r <b>oth</b>er <b>cra</b>zy <b>t</b>o <b>g</b>o <b>t</b>o <b>s</b>ea? <b>W</b>hy <b>up</b>on <b>yo</b>ur <b>fir</b>st <b>voy</b>age <b>a</b>s <b>a</b> <b>passe</b>nger, <b>d</b>id <b>y</b>ou <b>your</b>self <b>fe</b>el <b>su</b>ch <b>a</b> <b>myst</b>ical <b>vibra</b>tion, <b>wh</b>en <b>fir</b>st <b>to</b>ld <b>th</b>at <b>y</b>ou <b>a</b>nd <b>yo</b>ur
				<b>sh</b>ip <b>we</b>re <b>n</b>ow <b>o</b>ut <b>o</b>f <b>sig</b>ht <b>o</b>f <b>la</b>nd? <b>W</b>hy <b>d</b>id <b>t</b>he <b>o</b>ld <b>Pers</b>ians <b>ho</b>ld <b>t</b>he <b>s</b>ea <b>ho</b>ly? <b>W</b>hy <b>d</b>id <b>t</b>he <b>Gre</b>eks <b>gi</b>ve <b>i</b>t <b>a</b> <b>sepa</b>rate <b>dei</b>ty, <b>a</b>nd <b>o</b>wn <b>brot</b>her <b>o</b>f <b>Jo</b>ve? <b>Sur</b>ely <b>a</b>ll <b>th</b>is <b>i</b>s <b>n</b>ot <b>with</b>out <b>mean</b>ing. <b>A</b>nd <b>sti</b>ll <b>dee</b>per <b>t</b>he <b>mean</b>ing <b>o</b>f <b>th</b>at <b>sto</b>ry <b>o</b>f
				<b>Narci</b>ssus, <b>w</b>ho <b>beca</b>use <b>h</b>e <b>cou</b>ld <b>n</b>ot <b>gra</b>sp <b>t</b>he <b>torme</b>nting, <b>mi</b>ld <b>ima</b>ge <b>h</b>e <b>s</b>aw <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>foun</b>tain, <b>plun</b>ged <b>in</b>to <b>i</b>t <b>a</b>nd <b>w</b>as <b>drow</b>ned. <b>B</b>ut <b>th</b>at <b>sa</b>me <b>ima</b>ge, <b>w</b>e <b>ourse</b>lves <b>s</b>ee <b>i</b>n <b>a</b>ll <b>riv</b>ers <b>a</b>nd <b>oce</b>ans. <b>I</b>t <b>i</b>s <b>t</b>he <b>ima</b>ge <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>ungras</b>pable <b>phan</b>tom <b>o</b>f <b>li</b>fe;
				<b>a</b>nd <b>th</b>is <b>i</b>s <b>t</b>he <b>k</b>ey <b>t</b>o <b>i</b>t <b>a</b>ll.</p>
			<p id="c01p0007"><b>N</b>ow, <b>wh</b>en <b>I</b> <b>s</b>ay <b>th</b>at <b>I</b> <b>a</b>m <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>hab</b>it <b>o</b>f <b>goi</b>ng <b>t</b>o <b>s</b>ea <b>when</b>ever <b>I</b> <b>beg</b>in <b>t</b>o <b>gr</b>ow <b>ha</b>zy <b>abo</b>ut <b>t</b>he <b>ey</b>es, <b>a</b>nd <b>beg</b>in <b>t</b>o <b>b</b>e <b>ov</b>er <b>consc</b>ious <b>o</b>f <b>m</b>y <b>lun</b>gs, <b>I</b> <b>d</b>o <b>n</b>ot <b>me</b>an <b>t</b>o <b>ha</b>ve <b>i</b>t <b>infe</b>rred <b>th</b>at <b>I</b> <b>ev</b>er <b>g</b>o <b>t</b>o <b>s</b>ea <b>a</b>s <b>a</b> <b>passe</b>nger. <b>F</b>or <b>t</b>o <b>g</b>o
				<b>a</b>s <b>a</b> <b>passe</b>nger <b>y</b>ou <b>mu</b>st <b>nee</b>ds <b>ha</b>ve <b>a</b> <b>pur</b>se, <b>a</b>nd <b>a</b> <b>pur</b>se <b>i</b>s <b>b</b>ut <b>a</b> <b>r</b>ag <b>unl</b>ess <b>y</b>ou <b>ha</b>ve <b>somet</b>hing <b>i</b>n <b>i</b>t. <b>Besi</b>des, <b>passe</b>ngers <b>g</b>et <b>s</b>ea-<b>si</b>ck—<b>gr</b>ow <b>quarre</b>lsome—<b>d</b>on’<b>t</b> <b>sle</b>ep <b>o</b>f <b>nig</b>hts—<b>d</b>o <b>n</b>ot <b>enj</b>oy <b>thems</b>elves <b>mu</b>ch, <b>a</b>s <b>a</b> <b>gene</b>ral <b>thi</b>ng;—<b>n</b>o, <b>I</b> <b>nev</b>er <b>g</b>o <b>a</b>s
				<b>a</b> <b>passe</b>nger; <b>n</b>or, <b>tho</b>ugh <b>I</b> <b>a</b>m <b>somet</b>hing <b>o</b>f <b>a</b> <b>sa</b>lt, <b>d</b>o <b>I</b> <b>ev</b>er <b>g</b>o <b>t</b>o <b>s</b>ea <b>a</b>s <b>a</b> <b>Commo</b>dore, <b>o</b>r <b>a</b> <b>Capt</b>ain, <b>o</b>r <b>a</b> <b>Co</b>ok. <b>I</b> <b>aban</b>don <b>t</b>he <b>glo</b>ry <b>a</b>nd <b>distin</b>ction <b>o</b>f <b>su</b>ch <b>offi</b>ces <b>t</b>o <b>tho</b>se <b>w</b>ho <b>li</b>ke <b>th</b>em. <b>F</b>or <b>m</b>y <b>pa</b>rt, <b>I</b> <b>abomi</b>nate <b>a</b>ll <b>honou</b>rable <b>respec</b>table
				<b>toi</b>ls, <b>tri</b>als, <b>a</b>nd <b>tribul</b>ations <b>o</b>f <b>eve</b>ry <b>ki</b>nd <b>whats</b>oever. <b>I</b>t <b>i</b>s <b>qui</b>te <b>a</b>s <b>mu</b>ch <b>a</b>s <b>I</b> <b>c</b>an <b>d</b>o <b>t</b>o <b>ta</b>ke <b>ca</b>re <b>o</b>f <b>mys</b>elf, <b>with</b>out <b>tak</b>ing <b>ca</b>re <b>o</b>f <b>shi</b>ps, <b>barq</b>ues, <b>bri</b>gs, <b>schoo</b>ners, <b>a</b>nd <b>wh</b>at <b>n</b>ot. <b>A</b>nd <b>a</b>s <b>f</b>or <b>goi</b>ng <b>a</b>s <b>co</b>ok,—<b>tho</b>ugh <b>I</b> <b>conf</b>ess <b>the</b>re <b>i</b>s
				<b>consid</b>erable <b>glo</b>ry <b>i</b>n <b>th</b>at, <b>a</b> <b>co</b>ok <b>bei</b>ng <b>a</b> <b>so</b>rt <b>o</b>f <b>offi</b>cer <b>o</b>n <b>sh</b>ip-<b>boa</b>rd—<b>y</b>et, <b>some</b>how, <b>I</b> <b>nev</b>er <b>fanc</b>ied <b>broi</b>ling <b>fow</b>ls;—<b>tho</b>ugh <b>on</b>ce <b>broi</b>led, <b>judici</b>ously <b>butt</b>ered, <b>a</b>nd <b>judgmat</b>ically <b>sal</b>ted <b>a</b>nd <b>pepp</b>ered, <b>the</b>re <b>i</b>s <b>n</b>o <b>o</b>ne <b>w</b>ho <b>wi</b>ll <b>spe</b>ak <b>mo</b>re
				<b>respec</b>tfully, <b>n</b>ot <b>t</b>o <b>s</b>ay <b>reveren</b>tially, <b>o</b>f <b>a</b> <b>broi</b>led <b>fo</b>wl <b>th</b>an <b>I</b> <b>wi</b>ll. <b>I</b>t <b>i</b>s <b>o</b>ut <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>idola</b>trous <b>doti</b>ngs <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>o</b>ld <b>Egypt</b>ians <b>up</b>on <b>broi</b>led <b>ib</b>is <b>a</b>nd <b>roas</b>ted <b>riv</b>er <b>hor</b>se, <b>th</b>at <b>y</b>ou <b>s</b>ee <b>t</b>he <b>mumm</b>ies <b>o</b>f <b>tho</b>se <b>creat</b>ures <b>i</b>n <b>the</b>ir <b>hu</b>ge <b>ba</b>ke-<b>hou</b>ses
				<b>t</b>he <b>pyra</b>mids.</p>
			<p id="c01p0008"><b>N</b>o, <b>wh</b>en <b>I</b> <b>g</b>o <b>t</b>o <b>s</b>ea, <b>I</b> <b>g</b>o <b>a</b>s <b>a</b> <b>sim</b>ple <b>sai</b>lor, <b>rig</b>ht <b>bef</b>ore <b>t</b>he <b>ma</b>st, <b>plu</b>mb <b>do</b>wn <b>in</b>to <b>t</b>he <b>forec</b>astle, <b>alo</b>ft <b>the</b>re <b>t</b>o <b>t</b>he <b>roy</b>al <b>ma</b>st-<b>he</b>ad. <b>Tr</b>ue, <b>th</b>ey <b>rat</b>her <b>ord</b>er <b>m</b>e <b>abo</b>ut <b>so</b>me, <b>a</b>nd <b>ma</b>ke <b>m</b>e <b>ju</b>mp <b>fr</b>om <b>sp</b>ar <b>t</b>o <b>sp</b>ar, <b>li</b>ke <b>a</b>
				<b>grassh</b>opper <b>i</b>n <b>a</b> <b>M</b>ay <b>mea</b>dow. <b>A</b>nd <b>a</b>t <b>fir</b>st, <b>th</b>is <b>so</b>rt <b>o</b>f <b>thi</b>ng <b>i</b>s <b>unple</b>asant <b>eno</b>ugh. <b>I</b>t <b>touc</b>hes <b>o</b>ne’<b>s</b> <b>sen</b>se <b>o</b>f <b>hon</b>our, <b>partic</b>ularly <b>i</b>f <b>y</b>ou <b>co</b>me <b>o</b>f <b>a</b>n <b>o</b>ld <b>establ</b>ished <b>fam</b>ily <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>la</b>nd, <b>t</b>he <b>V</b>an <b>Rensse</b>laers, <b>o</b>r <b>Rando</b>lphs, <b>o</b>r <b>Hardic</b>anutes. <b>A</b>nd
				<b>mo</b>re <b>th</b>an <b>a</b>ll, <b>i</b>f <b>ju</b>st <b>prev</b>ious <b>t</b>o <b>putt</b>ing <b>yo</b>ur <b>ha</b>nd <b>in</b>to <b>t</b>he <b>t</b>ar-<b>p</b>ot, <b>y</b>ou <b>ha</b>ve <b>be</b>en <b>lord</b>ing <b>i</b>t <b>a</b>s <b>a</b> <b>coun</b>try <b>school</b>master, <b>mak</b>ing <b>t</b>he <b>tall</b>est <b>bo</b>ys <b>sta</b>nd <b>i</b>n <b>a</b>we <b>o</b>f <b>y</b>ou. <b>T</b>he <b>trans</b>ition <b>i</b>s <b>a</b> <b>ke</b>en <b>o</b>ne, <b>I</b> <b>ass</b>ure <b>y</b>ou, <b>fr</b>om <b>a</b> <b>school</b>master <b>t</b>o <b>a</b>
				<b>sai</b>lor, <b>a</b>nd <b>requ</b>ires <b>a</b> <b>str</b>ong <b>decoc</b>tion <b>o</b>f <b>Sen</b>eca <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>he <b>Sto</b>ics <b>t</b>o <b>ena</b>ble <b>y</b>ou <b>t</b>o <b>gr</b>in <b>a</b>nd <b>be</b>ar <b>i</b>t. <b>B</b>ut <b>ev</b>en <b>th</b>is <b>wea</b>rs <b>o</b>ff <b>i</b>n <b>ti</b>me.</p>
			<p id="c01p0009"><b>Wh</b>at <b>o</b>f <b>i</b>t, <b>i</b>f <b>so</b>me <b>o</b>ld <b>hun</b>ks <b>o</b>f <b>a</b> <b>s</b>ea-<b>capt</b>ain <b>ord</b>ers <b>m</b>e <b>t</b>o <b>g</b>et <b>a</b> <b>bro</b>om <b>a</b>nd <b>swe</b>ep <b>do</b>wn <b>t</b>he <b>dec</b>ks? <b>Wh</b>at <b>do</b>es <b>th</b>at <b>indig</b>nity <b>amo</b>unt <b>t</b>o, <b>weig</b>hed, <b>I</b> <b>me</b>an, <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>sca</b>les <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>N</b>ew <b>Testa</b>ment? <b>D</b>o <b>y</b>ou <b>thi</b>nk <b>t</b>he <b>archa</b>ngel <b>Gabr</b>iel
				<b>thi</b>nks <b>anyt</b>hing <b>t</b>he <b>le</b>ss <b>o</b>f <b>m</b>e, <b>beca</b>use <b>I</b> <b>prom</b>ptly <b>a</b>nd <b>respec</b>tfully <b>ob</b>ey <b>th</b>at <b>o</b>ld <b>hun</b>ks <b>i</b>n <b>th</b>at <b>parti</b>cular <b>inst</b>ance? <b>W</b>ho <b>a</b>in’<b>t</b> <b>a</b> <b>sla</b>ve? <b>Te</b>ll <b>m</b>e <b>th</b>at. <b>We</b>ll, <b>th</b>en, <b>howe</b>ver <b>t</b>he <b>o</b>ld <b>s</b>ea-<b>capt</b>ains <b>m</b>ay <b>ord</b>er <b>m</b>e <b>abo</b>ut—<b>howe</b>ver <b>th</b>ey <b>m</b>ay <b>thu</b>mp <b>a</b>nd <b>pun</b>ch
				<b>m</b>e <b>abo</b>ut, <b>I</b> <b>ha</b>ve <b>t</b>he <b>satisf</b>action <b>o</b>f <b>know</b>ing <b>th</b>at <b>i</b>t <b>i</b>s <b>a</b>ll <b>rig</b>ht; <b>th</b>at <b>every</b>body <b>el</b>se <b>i</b>s <b>o</b>ne <b>w</b>ay <b>o</b>r <b>oth</b>er <b>ser</b>ved <b>i</b>n <b>mu</b>ch <b>t</b>he <b>sa</b>me <b>w</b>ay—<b>eit</b>her <b>i</b>n <b>a</b> <b>phys</b>ical <b>o</b>r <b>metaph</b>ysical <b>poi</b>nt <b>o</b>f <b>vi</b>ew, <b>th</b>at <b>i</b>s; <b>a</b>nd <b>s</b>o <b>t</b>he <b>unive</b>rsal <b>thu</b>mp <b>i</b>s <b>pas</b>sed <b>rou</b>nd,
				<b>a</b>nd <b>a</b>ll <b>han</b>ds <b>sho</b>uld <b>r</b>ub <b>ea</b>ch <b>oth</b>er’<b>s</b> <b>shou</b>lder-<b>bla</b>des, <b>a</b>nd <b>b</b>e <b>cont</b>ent.</p>
			<p id="c01p0010"><b>Aga</b>in, <b>I</b> <b>alw</b>ays <b>g</b>o <b>t</b>o <b>s</b>ea <b>a</b>s <b>a</b> <b>sai</b>lor, <b>beca</b>use <b>th</b>ey <b>ma</b>ke <b>a</b> <b>poi</b>nt <b>o</b>f <b>pay</b>ing <b>m</b>e <b>f</b>or <b>m</b>y <b>trou</b>ble, <b>wher</b>eas <b>th</b>ey <b>nev</b>er <b>p</b>ay <b>passe</b>ngers <b>a</b> <b>sin</b>gle <b>pen</b>ny <b>th</b>at <b>I</b> <b>ev</b>er <b>hea</b>rd <b>o</b>f. <b>O</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>cont</b>rary, <b>passe</b>ngers <b>thems</b>elves <b>mu</b>st <b>p</b>ay. <b>A</b>nd <b>the</b>re <b>i</b>s
				<b>a</b>ll <b>t</b>he <b>diffe</b>rence <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>wor</b>ld <b>betw</b>een <b>pay</b>ing <b>a</b>nd <b>bei</b>ng <b>pa</b>id. <b>T</b>he <b>a</b>ct <b>o</b>f <b>pay</b>ing <b>i</b>s <b>perh</b>aps <b>t</b>he <b>mo</b>st <b>uncomfo</b>rtable <b>infli</b>ction <b>th</b>at <b>t</b>he <b>t</b>wo <b>orch</b>ard <b>thie</b>ves <b>enta</b>iled <b>up</b>on <b>u</b>s. <b>B</b>ut <b>BEI</b>NG <b>PA</b>ID,—<b>wh</b>at <b>wi</b>ll <b>comp</b>are <b>wi</b>th <b>i</b>t? <b>T</b>he <b>urb</b>ane <b>acti</b>vity <b>wi</b>th
				<b>whi</b>ch <b>a</b> <b>m</b>an <b>rece</b>ives <b>mon</b>ey <b>i</b>s <b>rea</b>lly <b>marve</b>llous, <b>consid</b>ering <b>th</b>at <b>w</b>e <b>s</b>o <b>earne</b>stly <b>beli</b>eve <b>mon</b>ey <b>t</b>o <b>b</b>e <b>t</b>he <b>ro</b>ot <b>o</b>f <b>a</b>ll <b>eart</b>hly <b>il</b>ls, <b>a</b>nd <b>th</b>at <b>o</b>n <b>n</b>o <b>acco</b>unt <b>c</b>an <b>a</b> <b>mon</b>ied <b>m</b>an <b>ent</b>er <b>hea</b>ven. <b>A</b>h! <b>h</b>ow <b>cheer</b>fully <b>w</b>e <b>cons</b>ign <b>ourse</b>lves <b>t</b>o <b>perdi</b>tion!
			</p>
			<p id="c01p0011"><b>Fina</b>lly, <b>I</b> <b>alw</b>ays <b>g</b>o <b>t</b>o <b>s</b>ea <b>a</b>s <b>a</b> <b>sai</b>lor, <b>beca</b>use <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>whole</b>some <b>exer</b>cise <b>a</b>nd <b>pu</b>re <b>a</b>ir <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>fo</b>re-<b>cas</b>tle <b>de</b>ck. <b>F</b>or <b>a</b>s <b>i</b>n <b>th</b>is <b>wor</b>ld, <b>he</b>ad <b>win</b>ds <b>a</b>re <b>f</b>ar <b>mo</b>re <b>preva</b>lent <b>th</b>an <b>win</b>ds <b>fr</b>om <b>ast</b>ern (<b>th</b>at <b>i</b>s, <b>i</b>f <b>y</b>ou <b>nev</b>er <b>viol</b>ate <b>t</b>he
				<b>Pythag</b>orean <b>max</b>im), <b>s</b>o <b>f</b>or <b>t</b>he <b>mo</b>st <b>pa</b>rt <b>t</b>he <b>Commo</b>dore <b>o</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>quar</b>ter-<b>de</b>ck <b>ge</b>ts <b>h</b>is <b>atmos</b>phere <b>a</b>t <b>sec</b>ond <b>ha</b>nd <b>fr</b>om <b>t</b>he <b>sail</b>ors <b>o</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>forec</b>astle. <b>H</b>e <b>thi</b>nks <b>h</b>e <b>brea</b>thes <b>i</b>t <b>fir</b>st; <b>b</b>ut <b>n</b>ot <b>s</b>o. <b>I</b>n <b>mu</b>ch <b>t</b>he <b>sa</b>me <b>w</b>ay <b>d</b>o <b>t</b>he <b>commo</b>nalty <b>le</b>ad <b>the</b>ir
				<b>lead</b>ers <b>i</b>n <b>ma</b>ny <b>oth</b>er <b>thi</b>ngs, <b>a</b>t <b>t</b>he <b>sa</b>me <b>ti</b>me <b>th</b>at <b>t</b>he <b>lead</b>ers <b>lit</b>tle <b>susp</b>ect <b>i</b>t. <b>B</b>ut <b>where</b>fore <b>i</b>t <b>w</b>as <b>th</b>at <b>aft</b>er <b>hav</b>ing <b>repea</b>tedly <b>sme</b>lt <b>t</b>he <b>s</b>ea <b>a</b>s <b>a</b> <b>merc</b>hant <b>sai</b>lor, <b>I</b> <b>sho</b>uld <b>n</b>ow <b>ta</b>ke <b>i</b>t <b>in</b>to <b>m</b>y <b>he</b>ad <b>t</b>o <b>g</b>o <b>o</b>n <b>a</b> <b>whal</b>ing <b>voy</b>age; <b>th</b>is <b>t</b>he
				<b>invis</b>ible <b>pol</b>ice <b>offi</b>cer <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>Fat</b>es, <b>w</b>ho <b>h</b>as <b>t</b>he <b>cons</b>tant <b>survei</b>llance <b>o</b>f <b>m</b>e, <b>a</b>nd <b>secr</b>etly <b>do</b>gs <b>m</b>e, <b>a</b>nd <b>influ</b>ences <b>m</b>e <b>i</b>n <b>so</b>me <b>unaccou</b>ntable <b>w</b>ay—<b>h</b>e <b>c</b>an <b>bet</b>ter <b>ans</b>wer <b>th</b>an <b>a</b>ny <b>o</b>ne <b>el</b>se. <b>A</b>nd, <b>doubt</b>less, <b>m</b>y <b>goi</b>ng <b>o</b>n <b>th</b>is <b>whal</b>ing <b>voy</b>age, <b>for</b>med
				<b>pa</b>rt <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>gra</b>nd <b>progr</b>amme <b>o</b>f <b>Provi</b>dence <b>th</b>at <b>w</b>as <b>dra</b>wn <b>u</b>p <b>a</b> <b>lo</b>ng <b>ti</b>me <b>a</b>go. <b>I</b>t <b>ca</b>me <b>i</b>n <b>a</b>s <b>a</b> <b>so</b>rt <b>o</b>f <b>bri</b>ef <b>inter</b>lude <b>a</b>nd <b>so</b>lo <b>betw</b>een <b>mo</b>re <b>exten</b>sive <b>perfor</b>mances. <b>I</b> <b>ta</b>ke <b>i</b>t <b>th</b>at <b>th</b>is <b>pa</b>rt <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>bi</b>ll <b>mu</b>st <b>ha</b>ve <b>r</b>un <b>somet</b>hing <b>li</b>ke <b>th</b>is:</p>
			<div class="block-rw extract-rw headline-rw">
				<p id="c01p0012">“<b>GRA</b>ND <b>CONTE</b>STED <b>ELEC</b>TION <b>F</b>OR <b>T</b>HE <b>PRESI</b>DENCY <b>O</b>F <b>T</b>HE <b>UNI</b>TED <b>STA</b>TES.</p>
				<p id="c01p0013">“<b>WHAL</b>ING <b>VOY</b>AGE <b>B</b>Y <b>O</b>NE <b>ISHM</b>AEL.</p>
				<p id="c01p0014">“<b>BLO</b>ODY <b>BAT</b>TLE <b>I</b>N <b>AFGHAN</b>ISTAN.”</p>
			</div>
			<p><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page6"><b>6</b></span></p>
			<p id="c01p0015"><b>Tho</b>ugh <b>I</b> <b>can</b>not <b>te</b>ll <b>w</b>hy <b>i</b>t <b>w</b>as <b>exac</b>tly <b>th</b>at <b>tho</b>se <b>sta</b>ge <b>mana</b>gers, <b>t</b>he <b>Fat</b>es, <b>p</b>ut <b>m</b>e <b>do</b>wn <b>f</b>or <b>th</b>is <b>sha</b>bby <b>pa</b>rt <b>o</b>f <b>a</b> <b>whal</b>ing <b>voy</b>age, <b>wh</b>en <b>oth</b>ers <b>we</b>re <b>s</b>et <b>do</b>wn <b>f</b>or <b>magnif</b>icent <b>par</b>ts <b>i</b>n <b>hi</b>gh <b>trage</b>dies, <b>a</b>nd <b>sho</b>rt <b>a</b>nd <b>ea</b>sy <b>par</b>ts <b>i</b>n
				<b>gent</b>eel <b>come</b>dies, <b>a</b>nd <b>jol</b>ly <b>par</b>ts <b>i</b>n <b>far</b>ces—<b>tho</b>ugh <b>I</b> <b>can</b>not <b>te</b>ll <b>w</b>hy <b>th</b>is <b>w</b>as <b>exac</b>tly; <b>y</b>et, <b>n</b>ow <b>th</b>at <b>I</b> <b>rec</b>all <b>a</b>ll <b>t</b>he <b>circums</b>tances, <b>I</b> <b>thi</b>nk <b>I</b> <b>c</b>an <b>s</b>ee <b>a</b> <b>lit</b>tle <b>in</b>to <b>t</b>he <b>spri</b>ngs <b>a</b>nd <b>moti</b>ves <b>whi</b>ch <b>bei</b>ng <b>cunni</b>ngly <b>prese</b>nted <b>t</b>o <b>m</b>e <b>und</b>er <b>vari</b>ous
				<b>disgu</b>ises, <b>indu</b>ced <b>m</b>e <b>t</b>o <b>s</b>et <b>abo</b>ut <b>perfo</b>rming <b>t</b>he <b>pa</b>rt <b>I</b> <b>d</b>id, <b>besi</b>des <b>cajo</b>ling <b>m</b>e <b>in</b>to <b>t</b>he <b>delu</b>sion <b>th</b>at <b>i</b>t <b>w</b>as <b>a</b> <b>cho</b>ice <b>resul</b>ting <b>fr</b>om <b>m</b>y <b>o</b>wn <b>unbi</b>ased <b>free</b>will <b>a</b>nd <b>discrim</b>inating <b>judg</b>ment.</p>
			<p id="c01p0016"><b>Chi</b>ef <b>amo</b>ng <b>the</b>se <b>moti</b>ves <b>w</b>as <b>t</b>he <b>overwh</b>elming <b>id</b>ea <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>gre</b>at <b>wha</b>le <b>hims</b>elf. <b>Su</b>ch <b>a</b> <b>porte</b>ntous <b>a</b>nd <b>myste</b>rious <b>mons</b>ter <b>rou</b>sed <b>a</b>ll <b>m</b>y <b>curio</b>sity. <b>Th</b>en <b>t</b>he <b>wi</b>ld <b>a</b>nd <b>dist</b>ant <b>se</b>as <b>whe</b>re <b>h</b>e <b>rol</b>led <b>h</b>is <b>isl</b>and <b>bu</b>lk; <b>t</b>he
				<b>undeliv</b>erable, <b>name</b>less <b>per</b>ils <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>wha</b>le; <b>the</b>se, <b>wi</b>th <b>a</b>ll <b>t</b>he <b>atten</b>ding <b>marv</b>els <b>o</b>f <b>a</b> <b>thou</b>sand <b>Patag</b>onian <b>sig</b>hts <b>a</b>nd <b>sou</b>nds, <b>hel</b>ped <b>t</b>o <b>sw</b>ay <b>m</b>e <b>t</b>o <b>m</b>y <b>wi</b>sh. <b>Wi</b>th <b>oth</b>er <b>m</b>en, <b>perh</b>aps, <b>su</b>ch <b>thi</b>ngs <b>wou</b>ld <b>n</b>ot <b>ha</b>ve <b>be</b>en <b>induce</b>ments; <b>b</b>ut <b>a</b>s <b>f</b>or <b>m</b>e,
				<b>I</b> <b>a</b>m <b>torme</b>nted <b>wi</b>th <b>a</b>n <b>everla</b>sting <b>it</b>ch <b>f</b>or <b>thi</b>ngs <b>rem</b>ote. <b>I</b> <b>lo</b>ve <b>t</b>o <b>sa</b>il <b>forbi</b>dden <b>se</b>as, <b>a</b>nd <b>la</b>nd <b>o</b>n <b>barba</b>rous <b>coa</b>sts. <b>N</b>ot <b>igno</b>ring <b>wh</b>at <b>i</b>s <b>go</b>od, <b>I</b> <b>a</b>m <b>qui</b>ck <b>t</b>o <b>perc</b>eive <b>a</b> <b>hor</b>ror, <b>a</b>nd <b>cou</b>ld <b>sti</b>ll <b>b</b>e <b>soc</b>ial <b>wi</b>th <b>i</b>t—<b>wou</b>ld <b>th</b>ey <b>l</b>et <b>m</b>e—<b>sin</b>ce <b>i</b>t
				<b>i</b>s <b>b</b>ut <b>we</b>ll <b>t</b>o <b>b</b>e <b>o</b>n <b>frie</b>ndly <b>ter</b>ms <b>wi</b>th <b>a</b>ll <b>t</b>he <b>inma</b>tes <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>pla</b>ce <b>o</b>ne <b>lod</b>ges <b>i</b>n.</p>
			<p id="c01p0017"><b>B</b>y <b>rea</b>son <b>o</b>f <b>the</b>se <b>thi</b>ngs, <b>th</b>en, <b>t</b>he <b>whal</b>ing <b>voy</b>age <b>w</b>as <b>welc</b>ome; <b>t</b>he <b>gre</b>at <b>flo</b>od-<b>gat</b>es <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>won</b>der-<b>wor</b>ld <b>swu</b>ng <b>op</b>en, <b>a</b>nd <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>wi</b>ld <b>conc</b>eits <b>th</b>at <b>swa</b>yed <b>m</b>e <b>t</b>o <b>m</b>y <b>purp</b>ose, <b>t</b>wo <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>wo <b>the</b>re <b>floa</b>ted <b>in</b>to <b>m</b>y <b>inm</b>ost <b>so</b>ul,
				<b>endl</b>ess <b>proces</b>sions <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>wha</b>le, <b>a</b>nd, <b>m</b>id <b>mo</b>st <b>o</b>f <b>th</b>em <b>a</b>ll, <b>o</b>ne <b>gra</b>nd <b>hoo</b>ded <b>phan</b>tom, <b>li</b>ke <b>a</b> <b>sn</b>ow <b>hi</b>ll <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>a</b>ir.</p>
			<p id="tobi_h_55"><b>E</b>nd <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>bo</b>ok.</p>
		</section>
	</section>
</body>

</html>
